update api reference/overview (#1937)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/overview.md

### Path parameters

These are parameters you pass to the API in the endpoint's path. They are used to identify a resource uniquely. You can have multiple path parameters, e.g., `/indexes/{index_uid}/documents/{document_id}`.

If an endpoint does not take any path parameters, this section is not present in that endpoint's documentation.

### Query parameters

These optional parameters are a sequence of key-value pairs and appear after the question mark (`?`) in the endpoint. You can list multiple query parameters by separating them with an ampersand (`&`). The order of query parameters does not matter. They are mostly used with GET endpoints.

If an endpoint does not take any query parameters, this section is not present in that endpoint's documentation.

## Headers

### Content type

Any API request with a payload (`--data-binary`) requires a `Content-Type` header. Content type headers indicate the media type of the resource, helping the client process the response body correctly.

Meilisearch currently supports the following formats:

- `Content-Type: application/json` for JSON
- `Content-Type: application/x-ndjson` for NDJSON
- `Content-Type: text/csv` for CSV

> Only the [add documents](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents) and [update documents](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-update-documents) endpoints accept  NDJSON and CSV. For all others, use `Content-Type: application/json`.

Author: ```suggestion
Only the [add documents](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents) and [update documents](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-update-documents) endpoints accept NDJSON and CSV. For all others, use `Content-Type: application/json`.
```

# API reference

Welcome to the Meilisearch API documentation. If you are new to Meilisearch, check out our [quick start guide!](/learn/getting_started/quick_start.md)

Meilisearch is a RESTful API. This page describes the general behavior of the API.

## OpenAPI

The Meilisearch OpenAPI specifications:

- [JSON](https://bump.sh/doc/meilisearch.json)
- [YAML](https://bump.sh/doc/meilisearch.yaml)

## Document conventions

The API documentation uses the following conventions:

> - Curly braces (`{}`) represent path parameters, e.g., GET `/indexes/{index_uid}`

Author: I think we should use the comma as it's used everywhere else in the documentation. 
https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/pull/1721

> - Curly braces (`{}`) represent path parameters, e.g., GET `/indexes/{index_uid}`

Reviewer: I…never knew `e.g.,` was an actual thing and completely missed #1721. I'm against it because I always find it very awkward when two punctuation marks meet.  I mean, I know it's inevitable, but the less I see `",`, `—,`, `.,`, and so on, the happier I am. Will follow the majority, though.

Also, regarding `e.g.` specifically, I try not to use it a lot when writing for Meilisearch. [According to gov.uk](https://insidegovuk.blog.gov.uk/2016/07/20/changes-to-the-style-guide-no-more-eg-and-ie-etc/), `e.g.` can be difficult to  understand for people not super comfortable with English and screen readers don't always parse it correctly. They recommend using `for example`, `such as`, `like`, and `including` depending on the sentence.

> - Curly braces (`{}`) represent path parameters, e.g., GET `/indexes/{index_uid}`

Author: I agree we should get rid of it eventually and create a Vale rule so we use the full form instead.

::: note
 v0.24 and below use the `X-MEILI-API-KEY: apiKey` authorization header:
<CodeSamples id="updating_guide_check_version_old_authorization_header" />
:::

[To learn more about keys and security, refer to our dedicated guide.](/learn/security/master_api_keys.md)

## Pagination

Meilisearch paginates all GET routes that return multiple resources, e.g., GET `/indexes`, GET `/documents`, GET `/keys`, etc. This allows you to work with manageable chunks of data. All these routes return 20 results per page, but you can configure it using the `limit` query parameter. You can move between pages using `offset`.

All paginated responses contain the following fields:

| Name         | Type    | Description                  |
| :----------- | :------ | :--------------------------- |
| **`offset`** | Integer | Number of resources skipped  |
| **`limit`**  | Integer | Number of resources returned |
| **`total`**  | Integer | Total number of resources    |

### `/tasks` endpoint

> The `/tasks` endpoint uses a different type of pagination; hence the response contains different fields. You can read more about it in the [tasks API reference](/reference/api/tasks.md#get-tasks).

Author: ```suggestion
Since the `/tasks` endpoint uses a different type of pagination, the response contains different fields. You can read more about it in the [tasks API reference](/reference/api/tasks.md#get-tasks).
```

## Parameters

> Parameters are options passed to the endpoint to influence the response. They are added at the end of the string for GET requests. For POST requests, they are added to the body.

Reviewer: Ok, this is a big edit in multiple parts. Parameters can be sort of confusing, so I hope I'm not saying anything wrong 😅 

I think it's confusing to describe query parameters (`http://example.com?a=b&c=d`) both here, mixed with request body parameters, and below, under `### Query parameters`.

My suggestions are:
- use this paragraph to list the types of parameters we use in Meilisearch's API, but refrain from explaining them;
- create a `### Request body parameters` for POST/PATCH/PUT requests
- move the stuff about GET requests here to `### Query parameters`

```suggestion
Parameters are options you can pass to an API endpoint to modify its response. There are three main types of parameter in Meilisearch's API: request body parameters, path parameters, and query parameters.

### Request body parameters

These parameters are mandatory parts of POST, PUT, and PATCH requests. They accept a wide variety of values and data types depending on the resource you're modifying. You must add these parameters to your request's data payload.

```

### Path parameters

These are parameters you pass to the API in the endpoint's path. They are used to identify a resource uniquely. You can have multiple path parameters, e.g., `/indexes/{index_uid}/documents/{document_id}`.

We omit this section if an endpoint does not take any path parameters.

### Query parameters

> These optional parameters are a sequence of key-value pairs and appear after the question mark (`?`) in the endpoint. You can list multiple query parameters by separating them with an ampersand (`&`). The order of query parameters does not matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These optional parameters are a sequence of key-value pairs and appear after the question mark (`?`) in GET endpoints. You can list multiple query parameters by separating them with an ampersand (`&`). The order of query parameters does not matter.
```

Reviewer: Yeap, you're right, just saw this while reviewing the changelog. I still think it's a good idea to highlight query parameters are particularly useful for GET requests. Perhaps you can add a short sentence about it?

Author: Done ✅

> We omit this section if an endpoint does not take any query parameters.

Reviewer: I think it's good to specify where exactly we omit the query parameters section.

```suggestion
If an endpoint does not take any query parameters, this section is not present in that endpoint's documentation.
```

## Headers

### Content type

Any API request with a payload (`--data-binary`) requires a `Content-Type` header. Content type headers indicate the media type of the resource, helping the client process the response body correctly.

Meilisearch currently supports the following formats:

- `Content-Type: application/json` for JSON
- `Content-Type: application/x-ndjson` for NDJSON
- `Content-Type: text/csv` for CSV

> The only endpoints which currently accept NDJSON and CSV `Content-Type` are the [add documents](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents) and [update documents](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-update-documents) endpoints. For all others, use `Content-Type: application/json`.

Reviewer: Editing for brevity and directness.

```suggestion
Only the [add documents](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-replace-documents) and [update documents](/reference/api/documents.md#add-or-update-documents) endpoints accept  NDJSON and CSV. For all others, use `Content-Type: application/json`.
```
